# Stream Vista
Stream Vista is an imaginary streaming platform offering movies and series. It has functionalities like: showing to the user productions that they can like based on the categories specified during the profile creation, possible to change later on, searching the productions by category, title, description content, cast or creators, adding productions to the watch later list, tracking the progress in watching a given movie or show, so the user can seamlessly go back to the exact moment that they finished watching last time or changing the user settings along with the subscription management and its cancelation. As for the subscriptions, they are implemented with Stripe. The user can choose from different plans and then manage it through the interface delivered by Stripe. All the productions, their trailers and thumbnails are hosted in the cloud with the use of AWS S3 service, and every request for this resources is processed by REST API built in ExpressJS(NodeJS) and it sends the request to the S3 bucket for a secure URL that expires after a specified period of time, so that way the productions don't leak. The website also has an admin panel as a separate application that enables managing the series, movies, subtitles and categories. The subtitles can be added in Polish and English and then they're available in the updated productions. The graphic design is made by me in Figma, frontend and CMS (Content Management System) is built in ReactJS (Typescript) with Vite bundler, and backend is built in NodeJS (Typescript) with Express framework and PostgreSQL database with Prisma ORM.
